<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Paginated keyboard navigation needs a chapter that genuinely spans multiple screens, so this fixture repeats compact prose until the reader has to advance through several pages to reach the end.</p>
    <p>The hallway light hummed above the stairwell while Mara counted each step and tried to memorize the shape of the silence between them. Every landing held the same brass rail, the same chalk-white wall, and the same draft that slipped under the door at the top.</p>
    <p>She paused at the fourth floor because that was where the smell changed from warm dust to rain-soaked wool. Someone had left a pair of boots outside apartment seventeen, and beside them sat a folded umbrella beaded with tiny drops that glittered like dull coins.</p>
    <p>Inside her bag were three envelopes, one broken pencil, and a paperback swollen from old weather. None of it felt useful, but she kept touching the envelopes anyway, checking their corners as if certainty could be measured by paper still staying square.</p>
    <p>By the time she reached the roof access door, the city had flattened into a low metallic roar. Air conditioners rattled, a train scraped around a bend, and somewhere below a dog barked in patient bursts that sounded more like habit than alarm.</p>
    <p>Mara opened the first envelope and read the note again. It offered no apology and no instruction, only a time, a place, and a line that said the truth would look ordinary if she arrived early enough. She had arrived early. The roof still looked ordinary.</p>
    <p>Rows of vents divided the tar surface into black corridors. Puddles collected near the southern edge, mirroring a bruised strip of sky where evening was pressing its thumb against the last of the light. Nothing moved there except a torn receipt skidding in circles.</p>
    <p>Then she noticed the chair. It had been set near the ledge with careful precision, not dragged, and on its seat rested a glass jar wrapped in twine. The jar was empty except for a small brass key and a paper label that read only, Start with the lock downstairs.</p>
    <p>She laughed once, quietly, because the message felt theatrical in a way the building never did. The place was too practical for mystery. Pipes clanged when it was cold. The elevator stuck on the second floor. Neighbors argued about recycling bins and rent increases.</p>
    <p>Even so, she picked up the jar. The brass key was heavier than it looked, warm where the glass had trapped the day's heat. She turned it over in her palm and saw a number stamped into the bow: 12. Not an apartment number. Not a floor. Something smaller.</p>
    <p>The stairwell felt narrower on the way down. At each landing she expected someone to appear, to claim the prank or the invitation, but the building kept its doors shut. A television murmured behind one wall. A sink ran behind another. Ordinary life held its breath around her.</p>
    <p>On the first floor, next to the mailboxes, stood an old maintenance cabinet she had never really seen before. It was painted the same tired beige as the walls, and twelve small locks dotted its face in a strict three-by-four grid. Eleven were dusted over. One looked new.</p>
    <p>The key turned with almost no resistance. Inside the cabinet sat a stack of index cards tied with blue thread. The top card carried a neat line of handwriting she recognized at once, though she had not seen it in years. If you found this, you finally stopped rushing.</p>
    <p>She leaned against the cabinet and read the next card, then the next. They were brief notes left by her brother during the months before he vanished from the city without a forwarding address. Each card mapped a place, a memory, or a question he had wanted her to hold still long enough to answer.</p>
    <p>One card described the bakery that opened before dawn and sold sweet buns hot enough to burn through a paper sleeve. Another described the park bench where their mother had once fallen asleep during a summer concert. A third asked whether she still looked at windows as if each one hid a stage.</p>
    <p>By the time she reached the bottom of the stack, the hallway had darkened and the automatic lights clicked on with a fluorescent shiver. The final card was different. It held an address across town, a date two days away, and a short instruction: Bring the paperback. Leave the envelopes.</p>
    <p>Mara slipped the cards back into order. The building around her returned to its ordinary sounds, but now each one felt placed rather than accidental, like part of a rhythm she had been hearing for years without recognizing the pattern. Outside, rain began to stipple the front steps.</p>
    <p>She stood there long enough to watch the drops gather in the grooves of the concrete, then tucked the key into her coat pocket and opened the paperback for the first time in months. A receipt fell from between page eighty-two and eighty-three. On its back was another number, another clue, and a small hand-drawn arrow pointing east.</p>
    <p>When she finally stepped into the street, she was no closer to an explanation, but she had traded uncertainty for motion. The city no longer felt like a wall of noise. It felt like a map that had begun, at last, to label its own hidden doors.</p>
  </body>
</html>
