<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter One opens in the archive stairwell where Mara keeps climbing because the envelopes in her coat feel heavier each time the neon light flickers.</p>
    <p>Every floor smells faintly different, and she measures the climb by those shifts instead of counting steps because numbers make the building feel more final than she wants it to be tonight.</p>
    <p>A brass rail follows her hand upward, cold enough to sting, while the concrete walls hold old rain and dust in the same pale streaks they have worn for years.</p>
    <p>She pauses beside an apartment door painted green long ago, and the chipped varnish reminds her of a theater curtain that never fully closes between scenes.</p>
    <p>Inside her bag are three envelopes, a bent library card, and a paperback swollen from weather, none of them useful on their own and all of them impossible to ignore together.</p>
    <p>The stairwell window at the landing shows only a slice of evening, but the slice is enough to prove that the storm is still deciding whether it wants the city.</p>
    <p>Mara reads the top envelope again while standing under the buzzing light, and the note inside still refuses to explain why the roof should matter more than the rooms below it.</p>
    <p>She keeps climbing anyway because unanswered messages have a way of pulling her forward more cleanly than honest plans ever do.</p>
    <p>On the next landing a pair of soaked boots waits outside a doorway, and tiny drops gather under them in patient circles that shine like dim coins.</p>
    <p>Someone laughs behind the wall, someone else drops a pan, and the building resumes its ordinary noises just when Mara wants it to sound like a warning instead.</p>
    <p>At the final flight she slows down, feeling the envelopes shift against one another as if the paper itself has decided to brace for whatever comes after the next door.</p>
    <p>By the time she reaches the roof access handle, the city below has turned into a single metallic hum broken by sirens that never seem to belong to any one street.</p>
    <p>She opens the door and finds a chair, a jar, and a key arranged with the kind of care that looks casual only until you stare at it for too long.</p>
    <p>The label around the jar says to start downstairs, which feels less like instruction and more like proof that someone knows exactly how impatient she has always been.</p>
    <p>Mara circles the chair once before touching it, half expecting the whole arrangement to collapse into some ordinary misunderstanding if she approaches from the right angle.</p>
    <p>Instead the roof keeps its composure, the key keeps gleaming, and the wind keeps pressing damp air through the seams of her coat until she starts moving again.</p>
    <p>She pockets the key, takes the jar, and retraces her steps to the stairwell where the building sounds louder now, as if each landing has leaned closer to listen.</p>
    <p>The same boots wait by the same doorway, but now the water around them has crept farther into the grout and made the hallway smell more sharply of leather and rain.</p>
    <p>On the third floor a radio hums behind plaster, carrying a trumpet line so soft that it almost disappears under the plumbing knocks and elevator shudders.</p>
    <p>Mara stops at the green apartment door again because she cannot decide whether recognition is meant to comfort her or simply prove that someone has timed this route before.</p>
    <p>When she reaches the first-floor mailboxes, the key feels warmer than before, as if the brass has been holding a different temperature for the exact moment her hand would need it.</p>
    <p>The maintenance cabinet waits in the alcove like it has always been there, which is of course true and not remotely the same thing as saying she had ever really seen it.</p>
    <p>She kneels beside the cabinet and traces the chipped paint around the lock grid, noticing how the older scratches stop where the newest polish begins.</p>
    <p>Rainwater gathers under the vestibule door behind her, and each cold draft that slips through the threshold makes the hallway bulbs dim for half a heartbeat.</p>
    <p>The key ring taps softly against the cabinet face while Mara counts the locks again, not because the number will change, but because repetition makes the moment feel less staged.</p>
    <p>Someone flushes a toilet upstairs, a child runs across a landing, and the building insists on its ordinary life even while the cabinet seems to stand outside that rhythm.</p>
    <p>She glances toward the stairwell and imagines the route back to the roof, then dismisses it because the note in the jar was written by someone who knew she would be tempted to skip ahead.</p>
    <p>On the floor beside the cabinet, an old rubber mat curls at the corner and reveals a strip of mosaic tile worn nearly white by decades of winter boots.</p>
    <p>Mara presses the key into her palm until the teeth leave faint marks, then breathes out slowly enough to hear the distant elevator pulley catch and release somewhere above her.</p>
    <p>The brass rail she followed upstairs is visible through the stairwell door window, gleaming in thin segments that make the climb back look steeper than she remembers.</p>
    <p>From outside comes the hush of tires moving through rain, and the sound blends with the hallway hum until it feels like the whole building is being tuned to one low note.</p>
    <p>She adjusts the envelopes under her arm, aware that every scrap of paper now seems to answer some hidden order she had ignored right up until the key appeared.</p>
    <p>The cabinet handle rattles once when she tests it, not with resistance but with the warning looseness of something old enough to resent being noticed.</p>
    <p>Somewhere above, a window slams shut. The echo drops through the stairwell and lands beside her like a cue delivered too late to be theatrical and too neatly to be chance.</p>
    <p>Mara reads the number on the key again, then looks up at the stairwell landings as if one of them might finally reveal why twelve has started following her through the evening.</p>
    <p>The hall clock by the mailboxes stopped years ago, yet tonight she still finds herself checking its frozen hands as though they could confirm she is arriving exactly when she was meant to.</p>
    <p>A thin crack runs from the cabinet baseboard to the nearest mailbox and disappears under a bench piled with grocery flyers and a single mismatched mitten.</p>
    <p>She shifts her weight from one foot to the other, listening for hesitation in herself and hearing only the steady insistence of rain and fluorescent ballast.</p>
    <p>When her hand finally closes around the correct lock, the move feels less like choosing and more like recognizing something that had been waiting to be named.</p>
    <p>Before she turns the key, Mara looks back once more at the stairwell door, then at the vestibule glass, and finally at the silent cabinet that has somehow become the center of the whole night.</p>
  </body>
</html>
