<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 2</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter Two opens beside the maintenance cabinet downstairs, where twelve small locks wait in a strict grid and only one of them still looks newly polished.</p>
    <p>The brass key turns so easily that Mara almost laughs, because after all the climbing and all the rain she had expected resistance to be part of the bargain.</p>
    <p>Inside the cabinet sits a stack of index cards tied with blue thread, each one cut square and neat enough to look like it had been filed away by habit rather than haste.</p>
    <p>The first note tells her she finally stopped rushing, and the handwriting lands harder than any apology could because it belongs to the brother who vanished without leaving an address.</p>
    <p>She leans against the cabinet and keeps reading while the hallway light clicks off and back on, making every sentence feel briefly borrowed from a projector reel.</p>
    <p>One card remembers the bakery that opens before dawn, another the park bench where their mother slept through a brass-heavy summer concert, and a third asks if she still studies lit windows like stages.</p>
    <p>Mara answers none of the questions aloud, but the shape of each memory changes the hallway until the old building feels arranged instead of accidental.</p>
    <p>Rain starts stippling the front steps outside, and the sound reaches her in scattered taps that line up with the pulse she can feel in her fingertips.</p>
    <p>The last card sends her across town two days from now, with the paperback in hand and the envelopes left behind, as though the order of those objects could change the ending.</p>
    <p>She returns the cards to their bundle, slides the key into her pocket, and opens the paperback for the first time in months without trying to predict what will fall out.</p>
    <p>A receipt slips from between the pages, carrying another number and a hand-drawn arrow that points east so firmly it feels less like a clue than an accusation.</p>
    <p>Outside, the city no longer sounds sealed shut. It sounds like a map speaking softly to itself while the rain writes over every curb and stair in the same quick hand.</p>
    <p>Mara steps into the street knowing less than she wants and more than she had an hour ago, which turns out to be enough to keep moving.</p>
    <p>The envelopes stay in her coat, the paperback stays open, and the next turn waits under a row of amber traffic lights that make the wet pavement look like hammered metal.</p>
    <p>She follows the arrow east past a shuttered bakery, a laundromat still glowing blue, and a fenced playground where the swings knock together whenever the wind changes its mind.</p>
    <p>At the corner she reads the number again, then compares it to the addresses above the storefronts until the pattern resolves into a narrow passage she would normally walk past without looking.</p>
    <p>The alley smells of wet brick and fennel from the restaurant vent beside it, and every puddle along the wall copies a sliver of sign light in broken pieces.</p>
    <p>Mara keeps going because each clue so far has demanded motion more than certainty, and she is beginning to suspect that this is the only rule her brother trusted her to follow.</p>
    <p>Halfway down the block she hears the train overhead and feels it travel through the railing under her palm, turning the whole street briefly into a single vibrating line.</p>
    <p>The paperback falls open to a page with one sentence underlined in pencil, and the sentence lands so neatly against the rain that it feels prepared rather than discovered.</p>
    <p>She closes the book only after memorizing the line, then tucks the receipt back inside and watches the alley mouth ahead brighten under the sweep of passing headlights.</p>
    <p>Whatever waits at the end of the route has already taken enough care to feel deliberate, and that is suddenly reason enough not to stop at the threshold.</p>
    <p>Beyond the alley a courtyard opens unexpectedly wide, ringed by service doors and rusted fire escapes that glisten under the rain like wet wire.</p>
    <p>Mara slows only long enough to compare the number on the receipt to the painted loading-bay signs before she spots the match half-hidden behind stacked crates.</p>
    <p>The crates smell of cedar and machine oil, and the narrow lane between them forces her into the kind of deliberate pace that makes every detail suddenly count.</p>
    <p>At the far wall she finds another note taped beneath a conduit, folded twice and sealed with the same blue thread that held the index cards downstairs.</p>
    <p>This message is shorter than the others, but it carries the same unnerving calm, as if the writer had trusted the route itself to do most of the explaining.</p>
    <p>It tells her to look up, and when she does she notices a bridge between the two brick buildings, narrow as a service catwalk and slick with fresh rain.</p>
    <p>The metal stairs groan under her weight while the courtyard gathers every sound she makes and throws it back softer, delayed, and strangely measured.</p>
    <p>On the landing the city seems farther away, reduced to a haze of headlights and rooftop units pulsing beneath the low clouds.</p>
    <p>Mara unfolds the note again because the last line keeps shifting its meaning each time she rereads it: Some doors only admit the version of you that kept walking.</p>
    <p>She grips the paperback tighter, aware for the first time that the book has stopped feeling like cargo and started feeling like a key shaped out of paper.</p>
    <p>The bridge sways when the wind slides between the buildings, but the rails are steady and the far door stands open just enough to show a band of amber light.</p>
    <p>Inside, a corridor runs past storage rooms and service panels with the same unceremonious practicality as the apartment block, yet nothing here feels accidental anymore.</p>
    <p>Someone has left a kettle on a portable burner at the end of the hall, and the soft whistle it lets out rises and falls like a voice trying not to interrupt.</p>
    <p>Another envelope waits beside the burner, dry despite the damp air, weighted by a smooth river stone that could not possibly belong in this neighborhood.</p>
    <p>When Mara picks it up, the corridor lights flick once and hold, revealing chalk marks on the floor that point deeper inside.</p>
    <p>She follows them past a windowless office, a locked supply room, and a mural half-painted over with municipal beige, until the hall opens into a room lined with maps.</p>
    <p>The maps cover every wall from baseboard to ceiling, some neat and printed, others hand-corrected with arrows, circles, and patient marginal notes in the handwriting she knows.</p>
    <p>Rain taps the skylight overhead while the room waits around her, not empty exactly, but arranged with the certainty of a conversation paused at the perfect line break.</p>
  </body>
</html>
